Update Wagtail to 2.9.3 and use renamed CRTool package (#5858)
cfpb/cfgov-refresh: requirements/libraries.txt

django-extensions==2.1.3
django-flags==4.2.4
django-haystack==2.8.1

> # django-js-asset is required by curriculum-review-tool

Reviewer: Actually, these two requirements are required by the activity search tool, which we're still calling "teachers-digital-platform" in its new home in this repo.

```suggestion
# django-js-asset is required by teachers-digital-platform
```

django-js-asset==1.1.0
# django-localflavor is required by django-college-costs-comparison
django-localflavor==2.2

> # django-mptt is required by curriculum-review-tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# django-mptt is required by teachers-digital-platform
```
